Bug Fix :1677 (#1696)
unoplatform/uno: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Report a bug

> If you think you've found a bug, please log a new issue in the [Uno Platform GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/blob/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md). When filing issues, please use our [bug filing template](.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you think you've found a bug, please log a new issue in the [Uno Platform GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/issues/new/choose).
```
